troubleshooting: mention missing files (#1671)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/troubleshooting.md

custom anchor link is used. Just add {#custom-anchor} after each title:
-->

> ## Failed to pull data from the cloud {#missing-files}

Reviewer: Will you be adding a link to error.dvc.org/missing-files in iterative/dvc/pull/4339 ?

Reviewer: (Please let us know when that PR is approved or merged.)

Author: Yes I have that queued right now.

Users may encounter errors when running `dvc pull` and `dvc fetch` like
`WARNING: Cache 'xxxx' not found.` or `ERROR: failed to pull data from the cloud`.
When working across multiple systems, the most common cause is changes pushed to a

> git repository without the corresponding data present in the DVC remote. Make sure

Reviewer 2: minor: git -> Git

> Users may encounter errors when running `dvc pull` and `dvc fetch` like
> `WARNING: Cache 'xxxx' not found.` or `ERROR: failed to pull data from the cloud`.
> When working across multiple systems, the most common cause is changes pushed to a
> git repository without the corresponding data present in the DVC remote. Make sure
> to `dvc push` from the remote system and try again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users may encounter errors when running `dvc pull` and `dvc fetch`, like
`WARNING: Cache 'xxxx' not found.` or `ERROR: failed to pull data from the cloud`.
The most common cause is changes pushed to a
Git repository without the corresponding data present in the DVC remote. Make sure
to `dvc push` from the original project, and try again.
```
^ Needs formatting.
